Alright here's the
third exercise. So we have this numbers array, and a functon
called except that takes an array and another
array and in this array we can add the values we want to be excluded
from the original array. So this function returns a new array,
without the values that we have passed here.
So if you run this program, we get a new array,
with these three values, 2, 3, 4, because we excluded 1.
Note that it doesn't matter how many 1's we have here so I can add
a couple more 1's and we still get the same result.
Or we can add multiple values here, so let's say we want to exclude
1 and 2, so as a result we get 3, and
4. So get started, you will see my solution next.
Alright here we need to
declare an array called output and initialize it
to an empty, this is what we're going to return from this function.
Now we need to iterate over this original array,
and for each element we have to see if that elements is
in this other array. If it's not then we'll add that
element into this new array. Okay? So,
for let element of array.
We iterate over the original array, now, we
should see if this excluded array includes
this element. So basically we are checking to see if the
current element is in the excluded array.
If it's not, so we apply the not operator,
then we'll add this element into our output array. So,
output.push element.
And finally we'll return output.
So save the changes, if you exclude 1 and 2 here,
we'll get 3 and 4, if we exclude all numbers, 3
and 4, we'll get an empty array.